W-15898668-check-logs-duke (#340)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshooting.adoc

For tasks that support the troubleshooting process, see:

* <<check-logs>>
* <<export-troubleshooting-info>>
* <<manage-cloud>>

[[check-logs]]
== Check for Problems and Issues

> When an issue occurs, the first step is to check for problems and issues. The *Problems* tab lists warnings and error messages. The *Output* panel provides build details and access to logs that can help you understand underlying issues. 

Author: ```suggestion
When an issue that you are unable to resolve occurs, the first step is to check for problems and issues. The *Problems* tab lists warnings and error messages. The *Output* panel provides build details and access to logs that can help you understand underlying issues. 
```

> When an issue occurs, the first step is to check for problems and issues. The *Problems* tab lists warnings and error messages. The *Output* panel provides build details and access to logs that can help you understand underlying issues. 

Author: ```suggestion
When an issue that you cannot resolve occurs, the first step is to check for problems and issues. The *Problems* tab lists warnings and error messages. The *Output* panel provides build details and access to logs. Error messages and logs list underlying issues that can help you understand what went wrong and what requires attention. 
```

> When an issue that you cannot resolve occurs, the first step is to check for problems and issues. The *Problems* tab lists warnings and error messages. The *Output* panel provides build details and access to logs. Error messages and logs list underlying issues that can help you understand what went wrong and what requires attention. 

Author: ```suggestion
When an issue that you do not know how to resolve occurs, the first step is to check for and review problems, console output, and logs. 

The *Output* panel provides build details and access to logs. The *Problems* tab lists warnings and error messages. Error messages and logs list underlying issues that can help you understand what went wrong and what requires attention. 
```

For tasks that support the troubleshooting process, see:

* <<check-logs>>
* <<export-troubleshooting-info>>
* <<manage-cloud>>

[[check-logs]]
== Check for Problems and Issues

> When an issue that you do not know how to resolve occurs, the first step is to check for and review problems, console output, and logs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you don't know how to resolve an issue, the first step is to check for and review problems, console output, and logs. 
```
Suggestion to simplify a little. Also, I think we're supposed to use contractions now.

The *Output* panel provides build details and access to logs. The *Problems* tab lists warnings and error messages. Error messages and logs list underlying issues that can help you understand what went wrong and what requires attention. 

> * To view project logs from the *Output* panel, see xref:start-open-panel.adoc[Output panel].

Author: ```suggestion
* To view project logs from the *Output* panel, see xref:start-open-panel.adoc[].
```

> * To view problems, open the *Problems* tab by pressing Press Cmd+Shift+m (Mac) or Ctrl+Shift+m (Windows). 

Author: ```suggestion
* To view problems, open the *Problems* tab by pressing Cmd+Shift+m (Mac) or Ctrl+Shift+m (Windows). 
```
